NFC OOB pairing fixes (#9926)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

NFC
===

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

>   NCSDK-19168: The :ref:`peripheral_nfc_pairing` and :ref:`central_nfc_pairing` samples are not able to pair using OOB data.
>     The :ref:`nfc_ndef_ch_rec_parser_readme` parses AC records in invalid way, causing that samples cannot parse OOB data for pairing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  NCSDK-19168: The :ref:`peripheral_nfc_pairing` and :ref:`central_nfc_pairing` samples cannot pair using OOB data.
    The :ref:`nfc_ndef_ch_rec_parser_readme` library parses AC records in an invalid way.
    As a result of this, the samples cannot parse OOB data for pairing.
```

>     **Workaround**
>     Revert the :file:`subsys/nfc/ndef/ch_record_parser.c` to state from the :ref:`ncs_release_notes_210`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Workaround:** Revert the :file:`subsys/nfc/ndef/ch_record_parser.c` to state from the :ref:`ncs_release_notes_210`.
```

>   **Workaround:** Revert the :file:`subsys/nfc/ndef/ch_record_parser.c` to state from the :ref:`ncs_release_notes_210`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Revert the :file:`subsys/nfc/ndef/ch_record_parser.c` file to the state from the :ref:`ncs_release_notes_210`.
```

    .. code-block::

       cd <NCS_root_directory>
       git checkout v2.1.0 -- subsys/nfc/ndef/ch_record_parser.c

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

>   NFC Reader samples return false errors with value 1.

Author: At this moment we don't have. I will create it and add reference here

>   NFC Reader samples return false errors with value 1.

Author: Done

> NCSDK-19347: NFC Reader samples return false errors with value 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-19347: NFC Reader samples return false errors with value ``1``.
```

  The :c:func:`nfc_t4t_isodep_transmit` function of the :ref:`nfc_t4t_isodep_readme` library can return ``1`` as error code even if a delayed operation has been scheduled correctly and should return ``0``.
  This happens when the ISO-DEP frame is sent for the first time.

>   In samples, this error is propagated from the higher level :c:func:`nfc_t4t_hl_procedure_ndef_tag_app_select` function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In samples, this error is propagated from the higher level :c:func:`nfc_t4t_hl_procedure_ndef_tag_app_select` function.
```

>     The :ref:`tnep_poller_readme` library operations can call the application error callback with error code 1 meaning that delayed operation has been sheduled with success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The :ref:`tnep_poller_readme` library operations can call the application error callback with error code ``1``, meaning that a delayed operation has been scheduled successfully.
```

>     **Workaround** Ignore the :ref:`tnep_poller_readme` error callback with error value equal to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Workaround** Ignore the :ref:`tnep_poller_readme` error callback with error value `1`.
```

Reviewer: Yes, we need to have double backticks.

>   **Workaround** Ignore the :ref:`tnep_poller_readme` error callback with error value `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Ignore the :ref:`tnep_poller_readme` error callback with error value ``1``.
```

>     Treat the :c:func:`nfc_t4t_isodep_transmit` function and the :c:func:`nfc_t4t_hl_procedure_ndef_tag_app_select` functions return value 1 as success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Treat the return value ``1`` of the functions :c:func:`nfc_t4t_isodep_transmit` function and :c:func:`nfc_t4t_hl_procedure_ndef_tag_app_select` as success.
```

>   Treat the return value ``1`` of the functions :c:func:`nfc_t4t_isodep_transmit` function and :c:func:`nfc_t4t_hl_procedure_ndef_tag_app_select` as success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Treat the return value ``1`` of the functions :c:func:`nfc_t4t_isodep_transmit` and :c:func:`nfc_t4t_hl_procedure_ndef_tag_app_select` as success.
```
